

==>A hash table is a data structure that is used to store keys/value pairs. It uses a hash function to compute an index into an array in which an element will be inserted or searched. By using a good hash function
==>SNI, or Server Name Indication, is an addition to the TLS encryption protocol that enables a client device to specify the domain name it is trying to reach in the first step of the TLS handshake, preventing common name mismatch errors, Network Load Balancers also support a smart certificate selection algorithm with SNI. If the hostname indicated by a client matches multiple certificates, the load balancer determines the best certificate to use based on multiple factors including the client TLS capabilities.
==> Amazon CloudFront is a web service that speeds up distribution of your static and dynamic web content, such as .html, .css, .js, and image files, to your users. CloudFront delivers your content through a worldwide network of data centers called edge locations. ==>https://medium.com/@seifeddinerajhi/kubernetes-dns-a-guide-to-coredns-and-externaldns-d8e9347bdddc ==>CoreDNS acts as a DNS resolver for our Kubernetes cluster so it listen on UDP port 53 as expected for a DNS. If you need to capture traffic to and from a CoreDNS Pod I would recommend to scale in the deployments to 1 Pod to be sure that all the traffic will go through it
==>CoreDNS acts as a DNS resolver for our Kubernetes cluster so it listen on UDP port 53 as expected for a DNS. If you need to capture traffic to and from a CoreDNS Pod I would recommend to scale in the deployments to 1 Pod to be sure that all the traffic will go through it.
==>DNAT stands for Destination Network Address Translation. (Sometimes, it refers to Dynamic Network Address Translation.) The direction of the traffic is inbound. DNAT maps the EIPs associated with the Internet NAT gateway to ECS instances ==>User Datagram Protocol (UDP) refers to a protocol used for communication throughout the internet. It is specifically chosen for time-sensitive applications like gaming, playing videos, or Domain Name System (DNS) lookups ==>Note: The local listen IP address for NodeLocal DNSCache can be any address that can be guaranteed to not collide with any existing IP in your cluster. It's recommended to use an address with a local scope, for example, from the 'link-local' range '169.254.0.0/16' for IPv4 or from the 'Unique Local Address' range in IPv6 'fd00::/8'.
==>	◦	node-local-dns pods listen only on <node-local-address>. The node-local-dns interface cannot bind the kube-dns cluster IP since the interface used for IPVS loadbalancing already uses this address. __PILLAR__UPSTREAM__SERVERS__ will be populated by the node-local-dns pods.
==>Once enabled, the node-local-dns Pods will run in the kube-system namespace on each of the cluster nodes. This Pod runs CoreDNS in cache mode, so all CoreDNS metrics exposed by the different plugins will be available on a per-node basis.
==>Prometheus is a pull-based monitoring tool that scrapes endpoints of the systems that it is monitoring to aggregate the metrics data into a central store. Prometheus utilizes PromQL as a query language to explore the time series data.
==> The JVM divides the memory into two parts: stack memory and heap memory. From the perspective of Java, both are important memory areas but both are used for different purposes. The major difference between Stack memory and heap memory is that the stack is used to store the order of method execution and local variables while the heap memory stores the objects and it uses dynamic memory allocation and deallocation.
